okay YouTube what do you do on a Monday
night all the kids are home we're making
vampire teeth out of cookies and what
else wash their marshmallows and
slivered red icing look at the girls
make double tees now I got blood good
and Brad's making one sperm are we there
Brad Oh looking good you need to vampire
teeth though
Brittany Empire and Ted's making his dad
tell how you made your cookies red
frosting of marshmallows
man the cookies in half I hid the
blueprints for sale if you're interested
yeah these are my subs Ted they get it
for free cuz they're my subs Ted
well there are some stuff okay we're
going to have Tammy make one there's a
me show from start to finish
explain it each step you take a cookie a
soft cookie and you cut it in here hey
would you can you take red frosting
never mind dad no listen there you go
hey you got any more over there well
there yeah there you go
I didn't need to go back over there let
go
okay we have my marshmallows this is
adorable you can do with all your kids
and it's perfect for Halloween look at
that okay and this makes a smile
boy I wish teeth were that easy to put
them out okay one in the back to hold
the cookie together that's a smile see
but now we want vampire teeth past the
almonds so we're going to put some
things on it there you go
put a little frosting on it you know
what you're like Vanna White
you're the Vanna White of my show
tuck the thing in look at that oh look
at that we got to put some blood on it
it's gotta look like look like he had a
taste yeah oh he's already been out look
at that and your kids will love with us
isn't that cute is that cute I just love
this look at Teddy's even doing it even
though I gotta say his teeth look awful
mangled so that that is adorable Todd
but looks like your vampire got into a
fight oh you have like it's gonna pop it
so you could ever play the teeth too and
your kids can have fun it's very simple
some soft cookies little marshmallows
and some frosting and those slivered hey
lady Elijah teeth dentures maybe you
should put a little everybody say bye
bye bye bye
you